docs - AI controls (#72998)
metabase/metabase: docs/ai/customization.md

---
title: AI customization
summary: "Change how Metabot appears in Metabase for a branded look."
---

# AI customization

{% include plans-blockquote.html feature="AI customization" %}

_Admin > AI > Customization_

> You can change how Metabot displays itself in Metabase. These are just surface-level customizations; they don't affect [behavior](./system-prompts.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Admins can change how Metabot displays itself in Metabase. 

To navigate to the AI customization settings:

1. Click the **grid** icon in the upper right.
2. Click **Admin**.
3. Go to the **AI** tab.
4. Click on the **Customization* tab. 

These customizations are just surface-level. If you want to change the AI's behavior, check out [System prompts](./system-prompts.md).
```

## Metabot's name

> Rename Metabot. The new name shows up everywhere Metabase refers to Metabot (sidebar, buttons, suggested prompts, empty states).

Reviewer: We tell people "Rename metabot" but how will a person landing on this section know how/where to do that? How will they know that (1) this is an article about an admin page, and not the use case "AI customization", (2) they need to find the section's title on that page to accomplish the action?
